How to run postinstall for custom npm packages (#1013)
vaadin/docs: articles/shared/guide/install/_pnpm.asciidoc

[NOTE]
Vaadin expects transitive platform dependencies to be available directly under `node_modules`.
In Vaadin versions earlier than 19 that use pnpm, the `--shamefully-hoist` flag must be explicitly given to pnpm during package installation: `pnpm i --shamefully-hoist mobx`.

> = Custom Packages that need postinstall scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Custom Packages That need Post Install Scripts

```

> Starting from Vaadin 23, postinstall scripts for npm/pnpm packages are not run by default. This is to remove an attack vector where a new npm/pnpm package version with malware is published.

Reviewer 2: So the feature shouldn't be backported to 14.x and 22?

Author: I would consider V14 later. It probably needs more testing etc also as the dependencies are different. For instance `esbuild` which requires postinstall is not used there I think

> Some legitimate packages still use postinstall scripts and rely on them to work properly. For internal dependencies, Vaadin runs the postinstall scripts automatically. If you add custom packages that need postinstall scripts to be run, you can add the packages as a comma separated list to the `vaadin.npm.postinstallPackages` system property (for development mode) and using the `<postinstallPackages>` configuration property in Maven/Gradle for production mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some legitimate packages still use `postinstall` scripts and rely on them to work properly.
For internal dependencies, Vaadin runs the `postinstall` scripts automatically.

You can allow custom packages to run `postinstall` scripts if needed.
For development mode, add the packages as a comma separated list to the `vaadin.npm.postinstallPackages` system property.
For production builds, add the `<postinstallPackages>` Maven/Gradle configuration property.
```

[NOTE]
Vaadin expects transitive platform dependencies to be available directly under `node_modules`.
In Vaadin versions earlier than 19 that use pnpm, the `--shamefully-hoist` flag must be explicitly given to pnpm during package installation: `pnpm i --shamefully-hoist mobx`.

= Custom Packages That Need Post Install Scripts

[role="since:com.vaadin:vaadin@V23"]#No `postinstall` scripts for npm/pnpm packages are run by default#.
There are known incidents of new package versions containing malware which have abused `postinstall` scripts.
Not running them removes that security risk.

Some legitimate packages still use `postinstall` scripts and rely on them to work properly.
For internal dependencies, Vaadin runs the `postinstall` scripts automatically.

You can allow custom packages to run `postinstall` scripts if needed.

> For development mode, add the packages as a comma separated list to the `vaadin.npm.postinstallPackages` system property.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For development mode, add the packages as a comma-separated list to the `vaadin.npm.postinstallPackages` system property.

```
